# SearchRequestDto

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Query** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Base textual search query. | [optional] 
**Area** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Area name the search is being performed in. | [optional] [default to "Production"]
**Collection** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Name of collection in project configuration setting which is mapped to the google retail backend. | [optional] [default to "default"]
**VisitorId** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Unique identifier identifying the shopper. Will be autogenerated if not provided. | [optional] 
**Refinements** | [**[]SelectedRefinementDto**](SelectedRefinementDto.md) |  | 
**PageSize** | Pointer to **NullableInt32** | The number of products to be returned on each page. | [optional] [default to 10]
**Skip** | Pointer to **NullableInt64** | Where in the list of products to begin the page. | [optional] [default to 0]
**BiasingProfile** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Name of a biasing profile which should be applied to the search. Takes priority over area default. | [optional] 
**Biasing** | [**NullableBiasingProfileDto**](BiasingProfileDto.md) |  | 
**CustomUrlParams** | [**[]CustomParameterDto**](CustomParameterDto.md) |  | 
**Sorts** | [**[]SortDto**](SortDto.md) |  | 
**IncludedNavigations** | Pointer to **[]string** | Set of navigation fields to include in the search result. Cannot be set if &#39;excludedNavigations&#39; is set. | [optional] 
**ExcludedNavigations** | Pointer to **[]string** | Set of navigation fields to exclude in the search result. Cannot be set if &#39;includedNavigations&#39; is set. | [optional] 
**DynamicFacet** | Pointer to **NullableBool** | Set the specifications of dynamically generated facets. | [optional] 
**VariantRollupKeys** | Pointer to **[]string** | Set the variant rollup keys. | [optional] 
**PreFilter** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Set of the prefilter specifications value. | [optional] 
**Site** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Name of site filter. If not specified, the specified area&#39;s default site will be applied if configured in Command Center. To not use default specify empty value i.e.\&quot;\&quot;.  If the site doesn&#39;t exist then the search will execute without the site filter and a warning will be provided. | [optional] 
**ResponseMask** | Pointer to **[]string** | List with fields which should be included in metadata object associated with each record in response. | [optional] 
**PageCategories** | Pointer to **[]string** | The categories associated with a category page. Required for category navigation queries to achieve good search quality. To represent full path of category, use &#39;&gt;&#39; sign to separate different hierarchies. If &#39;&gt;&#39; is part of the category name, please replace it with other character(s).Max item length &#x3D; 1. | [optional] 
**SpellCorrectionMode** | Pointer to [**NullableSpellCorrectionMode**](SpellCorrectionMode.md) |  | [optional] 
**IncludeExpandedResults** | Pointer to **NullableBool** | When a shopper uses an ambiguous or a multi-word search phrase, they can get an empty response. After turning on include expanded results, Retail Search analyzes the request and returns the expanded list of products based on the parsed search query. For example, if you search \&quot;Google Pixel 5\&quot; without query expansion, you might only get \&quot;google_pixel_5\&quot; in the result. With query expansion, you might get \&quot;google_pixel_4a_with_5g\&quot;, \&quot;google_pixel_4a\&quot; and \&quot;google_pixel_5_case\&quot; as well.The default value is configured in the tenant settings or true if there is no such setting | [optional] 
**PinUnexpandedResults** | Pointer to **NullableBool** | This configuration depends on include expanded results settings. If this field is set to true,unexpanded products are always at the top of the search results, followed  by the expanded results. Default value: true | [optional] 
**Debug** | Pointer to **NullableBool** | Enable additional debug info in response.  Note: attaching debug info significantly affects performance. Is not supposed to be used for large requests.   | [optional] 
**FacetLimit** | Pointer to **NullableInt32** | Maximum of facet values that should be returned for this facet. If not specified, defaults to 20. The maximum allowed value is 300. Values above 300 will be coerced to 300.  If this field is negative, an INVALID_ARGUMENT is returned.  This limit (300) is configured on Google side, but Google have an ability to change it for specific project.  | [optional] 
**LoginId** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Highly recommended for logged-in users. Unique identifier for logged-in user, such as a user name. Don&#39;t set for anonymous users.  Don&#39;t set the field to the same fixed ID for different users. This mixes the event history of those users together, which results in degraded model quality.  The field must be a UTF-8 encoded string with a length limit of 128 characters.  | [optional] 
**Overwrites** | Pointer to [**NullableSearchRequestDtoOverwrites**](SearchRequestDtoOverwrites.md) |  | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewSearchRequestDto

`func NewSearchRequestDto(refinements []SelectedRefinementDto, biasing NullableBiasingProfileDto, customUrlParams []CustomParameterDto, sorts []SortDto, ) *SearchRequestDto`

NewSearchRequestDto instantiates a new SearchRequestDto object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewSearchRequestDtoWithDefaults

`func NewSearchRequestDtoWithDefaults() *SearchRequestDto`

NewSearchRequestDtoWithDefaults instantiates a new SearchRequestDto object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetQuery

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) GetQuery() string`

GetQuery returns the Query field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetQueryOk

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) GetQueryOk() (*string, bool)`

GetQueryOk returns a tuple with the Query field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetQuery

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) SetQuery(v string)`

SetQuery sets Query field to given value.

### HasQuery

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) HasQuery() bool`

HasQuery returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetQueryNil

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) SetQueryNil(b bool)`

 SetQueryNil sets the value for Query to be an explicit nil

### UnsetQuery
`func (o *SearchRequestDto) UnsetQuery()`

UnsetQuery ensures that no value is present for Query, not even an explicit nil
### GetArea

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) GetArea() string`

GetArea returns the Area field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAreaOk

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) GetAreaOk() (*string, bool)`

GetAreaOk returns a tuple with the Area field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetArea

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) SetArea(v string)`

SetArea sets Area field to given value.

### HasArea

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) HasArea() bool`

HasArea returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetAreaNil

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) SetAreaNil(b bool)`

 SetAreaNil sets the value for Area to be an explicit nil

### UnsetArea
`func (o *SearchRequestDto) UnsetArea()`

UnsetArea ensures that no value is present for Area, not even an explicit nil
### GetCollection

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) GetCollection() string`

GetCollection returns the Collection field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCollectionOk

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) GetCollectionOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCollectionOk returns a tuple with the Collection field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCollection

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) SetCollection(v string)`

SetCollection sets Collection field to given value.

### HasCollection

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) HasCollection() bool`

HasCollection returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetCollectionNil

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) SetCollectionNil(b bool)`

 SetCollectionNil sets the value for Collection to be an explicit nil

### UnsetCollection
`func (o *SearchRequestDto) UnsetCollection()`

UnsetCollection ensures that no value is present for Collection, not even an explicit nil
### GetVisitorId

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) GetVisitorId() string`

GetVisitorId returns the VisitorId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetVisitorIdOk

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) GetVisitorIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetVisitorIdOk returns a tuple with the VisitorId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetVisitorId

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) SetVisitorId(v string)`

SetVisitorId sets VisitorId field to given value.

### HasVisitorId

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) HasVisitorId() bool`

HasVisitorId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetVisitorIdNil

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) SetVisitorIdNil(b bool)`

 SetVisitorIdNil sets the value for VisitorId to be an explicit nil

### UnsetVisitorId
`func (o *SearchRequestDto) UnsetVisitorId()`

UnsetVisitorId ensures that no value is present for VisitorId, not even an explicit nil
### GetRefinements

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) GetRefinements() []SelectedRefinementDto`

GetRefinements returns the Refinements field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRefinementsOk

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) GetRefinementsOk() (*[]SelectedRefinementDto, bool)`

GetRefinementsOk returns a tuple with the Refinements field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRefinements

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) SetRefinements(v []SelectedRefinementDto)`

SetRefinements sets Refinements field to given value.


### GetPageSize

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) GetPageSize() int32`

GetPageSize returns the PageSize field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPageSizeOk

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) GetPageSizeOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetPageSizeOk returns a tuple with the PageSize field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPageSize

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) SetPageSize(v int32)`

SetPageSize sets PageSize field to given value.

### HasPageSize

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) HasPageSize() bool`

HasPageSize returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetPageSizeNil

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) SetPageSizeNil(b bool)`

 SetPageSizeNil sets the value for PageSize to be an explicit nil

### UnsetPageSize
`func (o *SearchRequestDto) UnsetPageSize()`

UnsetPageSize ensures that no value is present for PageSize, not even an explicit nil
### GetSkip

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) GetSkip() int64`

GetSkip returns the Skip field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSkipOk

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) GetSkipOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetSkipOk returns a tuple with the Skip field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSkip

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) SetSkip(v int64)`

SetSkip sets Skip field to given value.

### HasSkip

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) HasSkip() bool`

HasSkip returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetSkipNil

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) SetSkipNil(b bool)`

 SetSkipNil sets the value for Skip to be an explicit nil

### UnsetSkip
`func (o *SearchRequestDto) UnsetSkip()`

UnsetSkip ensures that no value is present for Skip, not even an explicit nil
### GetBiasingProfile

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) GetBiasingProfile() string`

GetBiasingProfile returns the BiasingProfile field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetBiasingProfileOk

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) GetBiasingProfileOk() (*string, bool)`

GetBiasingProfileOk returns a tuple with the BiasingProfile field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetBiasingProfile

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) SetBiasingProfile(v string)`

SetBiasingProfile sets BiasingProfile field to given value.

### HasBiasingProfile

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) HasBiasingProfile() bool`

HasBiasingProfile returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetBiasingProfileNil

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) SetBiasingProfileNil(b bool)`

 SetBiasingProfileNil sets the value for BiasingProfile to be an explicit nil

### UnsetBiasingProfile
`func (o *SearchRequestDto) UnsetBiasingProfile()`

UnsetBiasingProfile ensures that no value is present for BiasingProfile, not even an explicit nil
### GetBiasing

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) GetBiasing() BiasingProfileDto`

GetBiasing returns the Biasing field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetBiasingOk

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) GetBiasingOk() (*BiasingProfileDto, bool)`

GetBiasingOk returns a tuple with the Biasing field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetBiasing

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) SetBiasing(v BiasingProfileDto)`

SetBiasing sets Biasing field to given value.


### SetBiasingNil

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) SetBiasingNil(b bool)`

 SetBiasingNil sets the value for Biasing to be an explicit nil

### UnsetBiasing
`func (o *SearchRequestDto) UnsetBiasing()`

UnsetBiasing ensures that no value is present for Biasing, not even an explicit nil
### GetCustomUrlParams

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) GetCustomUrlParams() []CustomParameterDto`

GetCustomUrlParams returns the CustomUrlParams field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCustomUrlParamsOk

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) GetCustomUrlParamsOk() (*[]CustomParameterDto, bool)`

GetCustomUrlParamsOk returns a tuple with the CustomUrlParams field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCustomUrlParams

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) SetCustomUrlParams(v []CustomParameterDto)`

SetCustomUrlParams sets CustomUrlParams field to given value.


### GetSorts

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) GetSorts() []SortDto`

GetSorts returns the Sorts field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSortsOk

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) GetSortsOk() (*[]SortDto, bool)`

GetSortsOk returns a tuple with the Sorts field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSorts

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) SetSorts(v []SortDto)`

SetSorts sets Sorts field to given value.


### GetIncludedNavigations

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) GetIncludedNavigations() []string`

GetIncludedNavigations returns the IncludedNavigations field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIncludedNavigationsOk

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) GetIncludedNavigationsOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetIncludedNavigationsOk returns a tuple with the IncludedNavigations field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIncludedNavigations

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) SetIncludedNavigations(v []string)`

SetIncludedNavigations sets IncludedNavigations field to given value.

### HasIncludedNavigations

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) HasIncludedNavigations() bool`

HasIncludedNavigations returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetIncludedNavigationsNil

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) SetIncludedNavigationsNil(b bool)`

 SetIncludedNavigationsNil sets the value for IncludedNavigations to be an explicit nil

### UnsetIncludedNavigations
`func (o *SearchRequestDto) UnsetIncludedNavigations()`

UnsetIncludedNavigations ensures that no value is present for IncludedNavigations, not even an explicit nil
### GetExcludedNavigations

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) GetExcludedNavigations() []string`

GetExcludedNavigations returns the ExcludedNavigations field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetExcludedNavigationsOk

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) GetExcludedNavigationsOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetExcludedNavigationsOk returns a tuple with the ExcludedNavigations field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetExcludedNavigations

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) SetExcludedNavigations(v []string)`

SetExcludedNavigations sets ExcludedNavigations field to given value.

### HasExcludedNavigations

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) HasExcludedNavigations() bool`

HasExcludedNavigations returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetExcludedNavigationsNil

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) SetExcludedNavigationsNil(b bool)`

 SetExcludedNavigationsNil sets the value for ExcludedNavigations to be an explicit nil

### UnsetExcludedNavigations
`func (o *SearchRequestDto) UnsetExcludedNavigations()`

UnsetExcludedNavigations ensures that no value is present for ExcludedNavigations, not even an explicit nil
### GetDynamicFacet

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) GetDynamicFacet() bool`

GetDynamicFacet returns the DynamicFacet field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDynamicFacetOk

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) GetDynamicFacetOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetDynamicFacetOk returns a tuple with the DynamicFacet field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDynamicFacet

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) SetDynamicFacet(v bool)`

SetDynamicFacet sets DynamicFacet field to given value.

### HasDynamicFacet

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) HasDynamicFacet() bool`

HasDynamicFacet returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetDynamicFacetNil

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) SetDynamicFacetNil(b bool)`

 SetDynamicFacetNil sets the value for DynamicFacet to be an explicit nil

### UnsetDynamicFacet
`func (o *SearchRequestDto) UnsetDynamicFacet()`

UnsetDynamicFacet ensures that no value is present for DynamicFacet, not even an explicit nil
### GetVariantRollupKeys

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) GetVariantRollupKeys() []string`

GetVariantRollupKeys returns the VariantRollupKeys field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetVariantRollupKeysOk

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) GetVariantRollupKeysOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetVariantRollupKeysOk returns a tuple with the VariantRollupKeys field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetVariantRollupKeys

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) SetVariantRollupKeys(v []string)`

SetVariantRollupKeys sets VariantRollupKeys field to given value.

### HasVariantRollupKeys

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) HasVariantRollupKeys() bool`

HasVariantRollupKeys returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetVariantRollupKeysNil

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) SetVariantRollupKeysNil(b bool)`

 SetVariantRollupKeysNil sets the value for VariantRollupKeys to be an explicit nil

### UnsetVariantRollupKeys
`func (o *SearchRequestDto) UnsetVariantRollupKeys()`

UnsetVariantRollupKeys ensures that no value is present for VariantRollupKeys, not even an explicit nil
### GetPreFilter

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) GetPreFilter() string`

GetPreFilter returns the PreFilter field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPreFilterOk

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) GetPreFilterOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPreFilterOk returns a tuple with the PreFilter field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPreFilter

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) SetPreFilter(v string)`

SetPreFilter sets PreFilter field to given value.

### HasPreFilter

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) HasPreFilter() bool`

HasPreFilter returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetPreFilterNil

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) SetPreFilterNil(b bool)`

 SetPreFilterNil sets the value for PreFilter to be an explicit nil

### UnsetPreFilter
`func (o *SearchRequestDto) UnsetPreFilter()`

UnsetPreFilter ensures that no value is present for PreFilter, not even an explicit nil
### GetSite

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) GetSite() string`

GetSite returns the Site field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSiteOk

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) GetSiteOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSiteOk returns a tuple with the Site field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSite

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) SetSite(v string)`

SetSite sets Site field to given value.

### HasSite

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) HasSite() bool`

HasSite returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetSiteNil

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) SetSiteNil(b bool)`

 SetSiteNil sets the value for Site to be an explicit nil

### UnsetSite
`func (o *SearchRequestDto) UnsetSite()`

UnsetSite ensures that no value is present for Site, not even an explicit nil
### GetResponseMask

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) GetResponseMask() []string`

GetResponseMask returns the ResponseMask field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetResponseMaskOk

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) GetResponseMaskOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetResponseMaskOk returns a tuple with the ResponseMask field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetResponseMask

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) SetResponseMask(v []string)`

SetResponseMask sets ResponseMask field to given value.

### HasResponseMask

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) HasResponseMask() bool`

HasResponseMask returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetResponseMaskNil

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) SetResponseMaskNil(b bool)`

 SetResponseMaskNil sets the value for ResponseMask to be an explicit nil

### UnsetResponseMask
`func (o *SearchRequestDto) UnsetResponseMask()`

UnsetResponseMask ensures that no value is present for ResponseMask, not even an explicit nil
### GetPageCategories

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) GetPageCategories() []string`

GetPageCategories returns the PageCategories field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPageCategoriesOk

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) GetPageCategoriesOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetPageCategoriesOk returns a tuple with the PageCategories field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPageCategories

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) SetPageCategories(v []string)`

SetPageCategories sets PageCategories field to given value.

### HasPageCategories

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) HasPageCategories() bool`

HasPageCategories returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetPageCategoriesNil

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) SetPageCategoriesNil(b bool)`

 SetPageCategoriesNil sets the value for PageCategories to be an explicit nil

### UnsetPageCategories
`func (o *SearchRequestDto) UnsetPageCategories()`

UnsetPageCategories ensures that no value is present for PageCategories, not even an explicit nil
### GetSpellCorrectionMode

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) GetSpellCorrectionMode() SpellCorrectionMode`

GetSpellCorrectionMode returns the SpellCorrectionMode field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSpellCorrectionModeOk

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) GetSpellCorrectionModeOk() (*SpellCorrectionMode, bool)`

GetSpellCorrectionModeOk returns a tuple with the SpellCorrectionMode field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSpellCorrectionMode

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) SetSpellCorrectionMode(v SpellCorrectionMode)`

SetSpellCorrectionMode sets SpellCorrectionMode field to given value.

### HasSpellCorrectionMode

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) HasSpellCorrectionMode() bool`

HasSpellCorrectionMode returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetSpellCorrectionModeNil

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) SetSpellCorrectionModeNil(b bool)`

 SetSpellCorrectionModeNil sets the value for SpellCorrectionMode to be an explicit nil

### UnsetSpellCorrectionMode
`func (o *SearchRequestDto) UnsetSpellCorrectionMode()`

UnsetSpellCorrectionMode ensures that no value is present for SpellCorrectionMode, not even an explicit nil
### GetIncludeExpandedResults

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) GetIncludeExpandedResults() bool`

GetIncludeExpandedResults returns the IncludeExpandedResults field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIncludeExpandedResultsOk

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) GetIncludeExpandedResultsOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIncludeExpandedResultsOk returns a tuple with the IncludeExpandedResults field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIncludeExpandedResults

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) SetIncludeExpandedResults(v bool)`

SetIncludeExpandedResults sets IncludeExpandedResults field to given value.

### HasIncludeExpandedResults

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) HasIncludeExpandedResults() bool`

HasIncludeExpandedResults returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetIncludeExpandedResultsNil

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) SetIncludeExpandedResultsNil(b bool)`

 SetIncludeExpandedResultsNil sets the value for IncludeExpandedResults to be an explicit nil

### UnsetIncludeExpandedResults
`func (o *SearchRequestDto) UnsetIncludeExpandedResults()`

UnsetIncludeExpandedResults ensures that no value is present for IncludeExpandedResults, not even an explicit nil
### GetPinUnexpandedResults

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) GetPinUnexpandedResults() bool`

GetPinUnexpandedResults returns the PinUnexpandedResults field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPinUnexpandedResultsOk

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) GetPinUnexpandedResultsOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetPinUnexpandedResultsOk returns a tuple with the PinUnexpandedResults field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPinUnexpandedResults

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) SetPinUnexpandedResults(v bool)`

SetPinUnexpandedResults sets PinUnexpandedResults field to given value.

### HasPinUnexpandedResults

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) HasPinUnexpandedResults() bool`

HasPinUnexpandedResults returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetPinUnexpandedResultsNil

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) SetPinUnexpandedResultsNil(b bool)`

 SetPinUnexpandedResultsNil sets the value for PinUnexpandedResults to be an explicit nil

### UnsetPinUnexpandedResults
`func (o *SearchRequestDto) UnsetPinUnexpandedResults()`

UnsetPinUnexpandedResults ensures that no value is present for PinUnexpandedResults, not even an explicit nil
### GetDebug

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) GetDebug() bool`

GetDebug returns the Debug field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDebugOk

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) GetDebugOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetDebugOk returns a tuple with the Debug field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDebug

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) SetDebug(v bool)`

SetDebug sets Debug field to given value.

### HasDebug

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) HasDebug() bool`

HasDebug returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetDebugNil

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) SetDebugNil(b bool)`

 SetDebugNil sets the value for Debug to be an explicit nil

### UnsetDebug
`func (o *SearchRequestDto) UnsetDebug()`

UnsetDebug ensures that no value is present for Debug, not even an explicit nil
### GetFacetLimit

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) GetFacetLimit() int32`

GetFacetLimit returns the FacetLimit field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetFacetLimitOk

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) GetFacetLimitOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetFacetLimitOk returns a tuple with the FacetLimit field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetFacetLimit

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) SetFacetLimit(v int32)`

SetFacetLimit sets FacetLimit field to given value.

### HasFacetLimit

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) HasFacetLimit() bool`

HasFacetLimit returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetFacetLimitNil

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) SetFacetLimitNil(b bool)`

 SetFacetLimitNil sets the value for FacetLimit to be an explicit nil

### UnsetFacetLimit
`func (o *SearchRequestDto) UnsetFacetLimit()`

UnsetFacetLimit ensures that no value is present for FacetLimit, not even an explicit nil
### GetLoginId

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) GetLoginId() string`

GetLoginId returns the LoginId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLoginIdOk

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) GetLoginIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetLoginIdOk returns a tuple with the LoginId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLoginId

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) SetLoginId(v string)`

SetLoginId sets LoginId field to given value.

### HasLoginId

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) HasLoginId() bool`

HasLoginId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetLoginIdNil

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) SetLoginIdNil(b bool)`

 SetLoginIdNil sets the value for LoginId to be an explicit nil

### UnsetLoginId
`func (o *SearchRequestDto) UnsetLoginId()`

UnsetLoginId ensures that no value is present for LoginId, not even an explicit nil
### GetOverwrites

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) GetOverwrites() SearchRequestDtoOverwrites`

GetOverwrites returns the Overwrites field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetOverwritesOk

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) GetOverwritesOk() (*SearchRequestDtoOverwrites, bool)`

GetOverwritesOk returns a tuple with the Overwrites field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetOverwrites

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) SetOverwrites(v SearchRequestDtoOverwrites)`

SetOverwrites sets Overwrites field to given value.

### HasOverwrites

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) HasOverwrites() bool`

HasOverwrites returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetOverwritesNil

`func (o *SearchRequestDto) SetOverwritesNil(b bool)`

 SetOverwritesNil sets the value for Overwrites to be an explicit nil

### UnsetOverwrites
`func (o *SearchRequestDto) UnsetOverwrites()`

UnsetOverwrites ensures that no value is present for Overwrites, not even an explicit nil

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


